Update _rendering.md (#9)
ChatTriggers/slate: source/includes/_rendering.md

Here we are making all of our rendered objects be perfectly aligned horizontally on the screen for all windows sizes. We start off by getting the height of the current window, with the call to `Renderer.screen.getWidth()`.

> Then, for each part we render, we get half the width of the window, and then subtract half the width of our rendered object. For a string, this is done with `(renderWidth / 2) - (Renderer.getStringWidth(textToRender) / 2)`. For a fixed width object, you can replace `Renderer.getStringWidth(textToRender)` with the width of the object. Notice how we use the `Text` object and instantiate it outside of the render function. The text object allows you to set additional properties, such as shadow and color. 

Author: Change renderWidth to width

Here we are making all of our rendered objects be perfectly aligned horizontally on the screen for all windows sizes. We start off by getting the height of the current window, with the call to `Renderer.screen.getWidth()`.

Then, for each part we render, we get half the width of the window, and then subtract half the width of our rendered object. For a string, this is done with `(width / 2) - (Renderer.getStringWidth(textToRender) / 2)`. For a fixed width object, you can replace `Renderer.getStringWidth(textToRender)` with the width of the object. Notice how we use the `Text` object and instantiate it outside of the render function. The `Text` object allows you to set additional properties, such as shadow and color.

# Tessellator

The Tessellator object is meant for rendering in 3 dimensions. You have to call this object under the `renderWorld` trigger.

## Drawing Text

> You can set floating text at specific world coordinates using `Tessellator.drawString(text, x, y, z)`

```javascript
register("renderWorld", myWorldRender);

function myWorldRender() {
  Tessellator.drawString("Hello there!", 100, 100, 100);
}
```

> This will draw a the words "Hello There" at the world location 100, 100, 100.
> You can also change the text color, whether or not to render the shadow, change the scale, and whether or not
> the size increases from distance. All of these examples below would work also.
> 
> ```javascript
> Tessellator.drawString("Blue text!", 100, 100, 100, Renderer.BLUE);
> Tessellator.drawString("Green text with shadow!", 100, 100, 100, Renderer.GREEN, true);
> Tessellator.drawString("Bigger red text!", 100, 100, 100, Renderer.RED, false, 2);
> Tessellator.drawString("Hello there!", 100, 100, 100, Renderer.DARK_PURPLE, true, 2, false);
> ```

Reviewer: No need to spell out every possible method invocation, as that is what the javadocs are for. The slate only has to be a general overview.

```suggestion
This will draw the words "Hello There" at the world location `(100, 100, 100)`.
You can also change the text color and scale, whether or not to render the shadow, and whether or not
the size increases from distance. 
```

## Drawing Textures

> You can also draw specific textures like so

```javascript
register("renderWorld", myWorldRender);

> var img = new Image("kirbybit.png", "https://www.chattriggers.com/assets/images/kerbybit.png");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var img = new Image("kerbybit.png", "https://www.chattriggers.com/assets/images/kerbybit.png");
```

function myWorldRender() {
  Tessellator.bindTexture(img);
  Tessellator.begin()
    .translate(Player.getX(), Player.getY(), Player.getZ())
    .pos(-0.5, 0.5, -0.5).tex(0, 0)
    .pos(-0.5, 0.5, 0.5).tex(0, 1)
    .pos(0.5, 0.5, 0.5).tex(1, 1)
    .pos(0.5, 0.5, -0.5).tex(1, 0)
    .draw();
}
```

> This will draw Kirbybit's skin texture on the player's feet position. This works by first binding the texture
> of the image to the `Tessellator` object. Then, it begins the instructions on what to do,
> by moving the center of the image to the player's position. Then, it has the 4 positions
> for each vertex, with the texture starting in the top left (0, 0) and working its way counter-clockwise.
> Then it's ended with `draw()` to finalize the texture.

Reviewer: Might as well add a bit more detail here.

```suggestion
This will draw kerbybit's skin texture at the player's feet position. This works by first binding the texture
of the image to the `Tessellator` object. It then associates positions in the 3D world (relative to the
`Tesselator`'s current position) to points on the texture. The `tex` function takes an `x` and
`y` argument, both ranging from `0.0` to `1.0`, which identifies a point on the texture (i.e. 
`.tex(0.3, 0.7)` refers to the point 30% across from the left and 70% down from the top).
Finally, a call to `.draw()` finished the operation.
```

Partial ticks are a fractional value representing the amount of time that’s passed between the last full tick and now. This is
useful in rendering, as the rest of the game runs on the tick system, but rendering uses frames, a much more precise operation.
We use this because otherwise the animation would be jittery because there are fewer ticks per second than frames per second.

If we wanted to make the example from above not be jittery, we would use partial ticks.

```javascript
function myWorldRender(partialTicks) {
  const lastX = new Entity(Player.getPlayer()).getLastX();
  const lastY = new Entity(Player.getPlayer()).getLastY();
  const lastZ = new Entity(Player.getPlayer()).getLastZ();

  const currentX = Player.getX();
  const currentY = Player.getY();
  const currentZ = Player.getZ();

  Tessellator.bindTexture(img);
  Tessellator.begin()
    .translate(
      lastX + (currentX - lastX) * partialTicks,
      lastY + (currentY - lastY) * partialTicks,
      lastZ + (currentZ - lastZ) * partialTicks
    )
    .pos(-0.5, 0.5, -0.5).tex(0, 0)
    .pos(-0.5, 0.5, 0.5).tex(0, 1)
    .pos(0.5, 0.5, 0.5).tex(1, 1)
    .pos(0.5, 0.5, -0.5).tex(1, 0)
    .draw();
}
```

> The key difference in this that the change in position is multiplied by the change in time every frame. This makes
> the view smooth since it updates each frame instead of every tick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key difference here is that the change in position is multiplied by the change in time every frame. 
This makes the drawing smooth since it updates every frame instead of every tick.
```
